+++
title = "2023 in review: A milestone year with our first office hour"
description = "As we are wrapping up the year, it's a great moment to look back at what we have achieved in 2023"
date = "2023-12-23"

[extra]
authors = "Bente Barge"
+++

## New team members
Our team has grown, welcoming two new team members at the start of the year,
Magnar Bj√∏rgve and Bente Barge. Both Magnar and Bente bring a background in
theoretical chemistry and hands-on experience with research software, enriching
our group with their knowledge and fresh perspectives.


## Office hours
We started off the year with our first office hours, which we held on January
25th. Since then, we have been available for researchers and students to drop
by with their programming challenges most Wednesdays. The consistent turnout
underscores a clear need for this service on campus. This format has proven to
be a great way to attract new users and to communicate with UiT researchers and
students. The feedback from our users has been incredibly encouraging, and we
are proud of what we have achieved so far!

## Projects
Each challenge brought to us has been a learning opportunity, both for the user
and for ourselves. Our users are associated with a range of departments at UiT,
including the Department of Language and Culture, the Department of Arctic and
Marine Biology, the Department of Physics and Technology, the Department of
Chemistry, and the School of Business and Economics. Throughout the year, we
initiated a total of X projects, ranging from helping users with Python
environments, to building graphical user interfaces, to translating a legacy
Visual Basic program to Python. Out of these, we successfully completed X
projects. As the year is coming to an end, we still have X exciting projects in
the pipeline.

_TODO: Include nice donut chart on number of projects and their status here._

## What's next for 2024?
As we enter 2024, our aim is to expand our reach and impact within the UiT
community. We're excited about welcoming new users and launching into
innovative projects. Building on our experiences from the past year, we are
confident that we can continue to provide a valuable service. While continuing
our established office hours, we're also looking forward to engaging in
long-term projects beyond office hours.
